actually I don't feel any afraid against
anyone especially I am tired oh I've not
top ss1 be humble with the Tarot dog to
be to be trained I think we are the one
with the best video somebody oh well
after i lost yesterday echo fox is back
with a win today i'm at the NA LCS with
coverage presented by Omni slash to talk
to Phoenix about their win
alright so things start off really
really good for you guys in that game
huge gold lead and then I saw Akkadian
get a steal on baron what were what was
happening in voice comes when you guys
lost baron Oh actually when you know
Sparrow oh this game will be wrong but
doesn't matter because icon was out
scared and we was ahead so okay let's do
meter then let's keep playing them we
came mean yeah very good and how are
things on echo fox everybody everything
so the steams gonna go boom at some
point in time you guys lost yesterday
how did everyone deal with the loss
actually yesterday game was so free cuz
i also ahead and if we just to propose
not contesting on the game was pure pot
even if we lose but we know we are the
best team in ma so we didn't keep up
yeah was it was it bad behind the scenes
that people argue or people angry or
were you guys okay we are kind of like
really angry because we just roast oh
can be free game but everyone saying
like we can mean tomorrow even Jewish
saying or even thought of saying we can
you tomorrow and let's keep it all yeah
all right so everything's okay
everyone's feel at five we need to make
a meter of like how echo fox is doing
behind the scenes now today's game
you know optic unfortunately hasn't been
doing so well in the NA LCS why do you
think optic is struggling not sure why
they are struggling but I think there
are media and AC pretty good so
if they have word support step up they
can be strong team but yeah this yeah
and how do you feel as a about your own
performance how do you think you are as
a mid-laner right now because we have a
lot of interesting mid laners right now
how do you feel you compared to them
actually I don't feel any afraid against
anyone especially I am NOT a dog I'm not
the PSS one be humble be the Tarot dog
to be to me today and I think I do want
the best videos on video yeah juice so
you don't feel you individually you
don't think you are as good as some of
the other mid laners oh I don't think
I'm the best Bobby's doc you are the
best
okay good I like that with how things
are going on echo fox do you thing at
the end of the split in the 10 and you
know top 10 rankings Oh
echo for Siringo in my echo fox ranking
so not playoffs but before you get to
playoffs do you think you guys will be
number one or number two where ever I
think we're again no more pushy because
we are not gonna do so again cuz
yesterday feeling was so bad if they're
losing so we knew they're fearing now so
we not gonna lose yeah and I also want
to talk to you a little bit about the
meta because I've been tying her a lot
of players who are not happy with the
betta and they go on big rants
pole-vaulter doesn't like the teleport
situation that's frustrating for him
Akkadian doesn't like stop watch Peter
is okay to stop watches and like other
things doublelift is okay with stopwatch
using like other things how do you feel
about the matter I think Mara is fine
cuz don't like Mara you know like right
one year so people who doesn't like that
time me Ryan people rate though are the
instance or made us so I think my rights
fine but people just uh don't know it
cause it's already season so do you
think people will get used to it right
doesn't need a patch yeah I don't think
is any problem
Rodrigo's problem cuz the ad sheep are
gone there was the problem but now I
think problem is gone okay and then
finally how are things going with echo
fox when you're not playing League of
Legends it's like do you guys hang out
do you go do things do you are you close
with anyone on the team or you are you
really good friends with hooni how is
this all going actually we have teamed
in our our uno spying was teaming or
like NS once a week so we had or of a
lot time and take it was freedom so we
always play with happy mindset so that's
why I think that's why we do income now
just a good team environment yeah good
team environment
Phoenix is there anything that you want
to say to any of the fans out there even
the previous yesterday or we will lose
some game of you're not gonna probe and
really get first place thank you very
good thank you so much for the interview
reven also you can check out the rest of
my coverage of all things LCS right here
on my youtube channel everyone hope you
enjoyed that interview you should be
very happy not a mediocre team liquid
interview I do so many of those that he
was so boring I just whatever and so if
you'd like to see more interviews
brought to you by Omni slash you can do
that right here on my youtube channel